docs: external postgres (#316)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/operations/howto/external-database.rst

************************
Use an external database
************************

By default, Substra components use their own integrated postgres databases (one per backend, and one for the orchestrator in centralized mode).

> They can be pointed to any PostgreSQL instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substra components can also be configured to use any PostgreSQL instance.
```
